---
title: "hust 2015"
bg: white
color: black
style: left
---

# HUST 2015

<p style='text-align:center;'>
  <span class="fa-stack subtlecircle" style="font-size:100px; background:rgba(0,128,0,0.1)">
    <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x text-white"></i>
    <i class="fa fa-server fa-stack-1x text-green"></i>
  </span>
</p>

## Second Annual Workshop on HPC User Support Tools


### November 20, 2015, Austin, TX, USA.

#### <!-- In cooperation with [SIGHPC](http://www.sighpc.org).--> Held in conjunction with [Supercomputing 2015](https://sc15.supercomputing.org).

<br/>

### Overview

Supercomputing centers exist to drive scientific discovery by
supporting researchers in computational science fields.  To make users
more productive in the complex HPC environment, HPC centers employ
user support teams.  These teams serve many roles, from setting up
accounts, to consulting on math libraries and code optimization, to
managing HPC software stacks.  Adequately supporting scientists can
often be a struggle for the support teams.  HPC environments are
extremely complex, and combined with the complexity of multi-user
installations, exotic hardware, and maintaining research software,
supporting HPC users can be extremely demanding.  Meeting all of these
competing demands of the scientist often results in the creation of
new tools and establishment of new policies and best practices.

With the second HUST workshop, we will continue to provide a necessary
forum for system administrators, user support team members, tool
developers, policy makers and end users to discuss support issues.  We
solicit papers on user support experiences, best practices, tools, and
any efforts to streamline support at supercomputing centers.
